feat(browsers): Add Bun to BCD (#23440)
mdn/browser-compat-data: docs/data-guidelines/index.md

This versioning scheme came at [Apple's request, in #2006](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/2006#issuecomment-457277312).

### Bun versioning

> Since Bun upgrades the WebKit version in every patch release, which may include new features, BCD tracks patch releases for Bun.

Reviewer: Slight semantics nit on the wording here: While it's true that we do upgrade WebKit versions in patches, it's not _always_ the case that a patch will have a new version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since Bun upgrades the WebKit version also in patch releases, which may include new features, BCD tracks patch releases for Bun.
```
